{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\f0\fs28 Notice Specific To Software &/Or Downloadable Material Available On Mo5tknown.com\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b0\fs24 Any software &/or downloadable material that is made available to download by this website ("Mo5tknown.com") and it's affiliates is the copyrighted work of it's repectfull owners and/or its suppliers. Use of such Software &/or downloadable material is governed by it's terms and license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is included with the Software &/or downloadable material ("License Agreement"). An end user will be unable to install any Software &/or download any material that is accompanied by or includes a License Agreement, unless he or she first agrees to the License Agreement terms. Third party scripts or code, linked to or referenced from this website, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by ("Mo5tknown.com"). \par
The Software &/or downloadable material is made available for download solely for use by end users according to the License Agreement. Any reproduction or redistribution of such Software &/or downloadable material is done all at your own risk. ("Mo5tknown.com") is not responsible for any reproduction or redistribution you make of such Software &/or downloadable material on our site ("Mo5tknown.com") or by it's affiliates. \par
WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, COPYING OR REPRODUCTION OF SUCH SOFTWARE &/OR DOWNLOADABLE MATERIAL TO ANY OTHER SERVER OR LOCATION FOR FURTHER REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED, UNLESS SUCH REPRODUCTION OR REDISTRIBUTION IS EXPRESSLY PERMITTED BY THE LICENSE AGREEMENT ACCOMPANYING SUCH SOFTWARE &/OR DOWNLOADABLE MATERIAL.\par
THE SOFTWARE &/OR DOWNLOADABLE MATERIAL IS WARRANTED, IF AT ALL, ONLY ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THE LICENSE AGREEMENT. EXCEPT AS WARRANTED IN THE LICENSE AGREEMENT, ("MO5TKNOWN.COM") AND IT'S AFFILIATION HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO SUCH  SOFTWARE &/OR DOWNLOADABLE MATERIAL, INCLUDING ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE, ("MO5TKNOWN.COM")  AND IT'S AFFILIATES MAY MAKE AVAILABLE TOOLS AND UTILITIES FOR USE AND/OR DOWNLOAD. AS PART OF THE SERVICES FOR SUCH SOFTWARE PRODUCTS &/OR DOWNLOADABLE MATERIAL, ("MO5TKNOWN.COM") AND IT'S AFFILIATES  DOES NOT MAKE ANY ASSURANCES WITH REGARD TO THE ACCURACY OF THE RESULTS OR OUTPUT THAT DERIVES FROM SUCH USE OF ANY TOOLS AND UTILITIES FOR SUCH SOFTWARE PRODUCTS &/OR DOWNLOADABLE MATERIAL. PLEASE RESPECT THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS WHEN USING THE TOOLS AND UTILITIES MADE AVAILABLE ON OUR SERVICES ("MO5TKNOWN.COM") SOFTWARE PRODUCTS &/OR DOWNLOADABLE MATERIAL.\par
IN NO EVENT SHALL ("MO5TKNOWN.COM") AND/OR ITS AFFILIATES SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF SUCH SOFTWARE ^/OR DOWNLOADABLE MATERIAL.\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\fs28\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 Creating An Account\par
\b0\fs24 If any of the Services on the website ("Mo5tknown.com") &/or its affiliates requires you to open an account, you must provide accurate information. You also will choose a password and a user name of your choice. \par
Remember to keep your password as strong as possible by using symbols and numbers, as well as capital letters and lower case letters. \par
Example - $%^KeEpYoUrPaSwOrDsTrOnG$%^ \par
You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account information. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account as a member. You agree to notify ("Mo5tknown.com") &/or it's affiliates immediately of any unauthorized use of your account or any other breach of security. ("Mo5tknown.com") &/or it's affiliates will not be liable for any loss that you may incur as a result of someone else using your password or account, either with or without your knowledge. You will be held liable for losses incurred by you or someone else using your account or password. You may not use anyone else's account at any time, without the permission of the account holder.\par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 Services\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b0\fs24 ("Mo5tknown.com") &/or its's affiiliates may contain services that allows communication through e-mail's, chat rooms (IM), forums,  personal web pages, calendars, photo albums comments, software and files, etc.... with other members or users ("online or offline"). You agree to use such Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and, when applicable, related to the topic or Service. By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that you will avoid using ("Mo5tknown.com")  &/or it's affiliates in connection with:\par
\pard{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf2\pnindent360{\pntxtb\'B7}}\nowidctlpar\fi-360\li720\sb100\sa100 Surveys, contests, pyramid schemes, chain letters, junk email, spamming or any duplicative or unsolicited messages. Those who do will be erased. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Trying to Defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of other members or users. Those who do will be erased. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Publishing, posting, uploading, distributing or disseminating any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information. Those who do will be erased. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Uploading, or otherwise making available, files that contain images, photographs, software or other material protected by intellectual property laws, including, by way of example, and not as limitation, copyright or trademark laws (or by rights of privacy or publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consent to do the same by it's respectfull owners. Those who do will be erased. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Uploading files that contain viruses, Trojan horses, worms, time bombs, cancelbots, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer or property of another. Those who do will be erased. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Advertising/Promoting or offering to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose other then those by ("Mo5tknown.com") &/or it's affiliates, unless ("Mo5tknown.com") &/or it's affiliates specifically allows such messages. Those who do will be erased. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Violating any code of conduct. Those who do will be erased. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Harvesting or otherwise collecting information about other members, for any other purpose then it is originaly intended for. Those who do will be erased. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Violating any applicable online laws or regulations. Those who do will be erased. \par
{\pntext\f2\'B7\tab}Create a false account other then it's original purpose. Those who do will be erased. \par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 It is impossible for ("Mo5tknown.com") &/or it's affiliates to monitor all of it's Services activities. However, ("Mo5tknown.com") &/or it's affliates reserves the right to review materials posted to the it's Services and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. ("Mo5tknown.com") &/or it's affiliates reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of it's Services at any time, without notice, for any reason whatsoever. You will be erased. \par
Note: Always use caution when giving out any personally identifiable information about yourself on ("Mo5tknown.com") &/or it's affiliates Communication Services. \par
\par
\pard\keepn\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b\fs28 Links On Mo5tknown.com\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100\b0\fs24 THE LINKS ON ("MO5TKNOWN.COM") &/OR IT'S AFFILIATES WEBPAGE WILL DIRECT YOU OUT OF ("MO5TKNOWN.COM") &/OR IT'S AFFILIATES WEBPAGE. THE LINKED SITES ARE NOT UNDER THE CONTROL OF ("MO5TKNOWN.COM") &/OR IT'S AFFILIATES AND ("MO5TKNOWN.COM") &/OR IT'S AFFILIATES IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENTS OF ANY LINKED SITE OR ANY LINK CONTAINED IN A LINKED SITE, OR ANY CHANGES OR UPDATES TO SUCH SITES. ("MO5TKNOWN.COM") &/OR IT'S AFFILIATES IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR WEBCASTING OR ANY OTHER FORM OF TRANSMISSION RECEIVED FROM ANY LINKED SITE. ("MO5TKNOWN.COM") AND IT'S AFFILIATES IS PROVIDING THOSE LINKS TO YOU ONLY AS A CONVENIENCE. \par
\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9 Contact Us!\par
If you have any questions about Our Website Notice or the practices of this Website, or your dealings with this Website, please contact \cf1 Mo5tknown59@gmail.com\cf0 .\par
Effective Date\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sb100\sa100 This Website Notice is effective as of June 08, 2015.\par
\par
\f1\fs22 ; MK CKleaner V.14 Teck Edition \par
\par
;For PRIVITE u5e only.\par
; WARNING - DO NOT EDIT THIZ FILE\par
; Mo5tknown Copyright \'a92004-2018, All Rights Re5erved.\par
; Thiz file and it'z kontentz may not be kopied or di5tributed\par
; Without the exprezz permizzion of Mo5tknown.\lang1033\f0\fs24\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f1\fs22\par
}
 