{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\tx0\tx959\tx1918\tx2877\tx3836\tx4795\tx5754\tx6713\tx7672\tx8631\cf1\f0\fs20 MK\cf0  Software License and Support Agreement \par
\par
1 BACKGROUND\par
In this agreement the following terms have the following meanings:\par
"License" means the license to use the Product as set out at paragraph 2 below.\par
"Product" means any software product in the \cf1 ("Mo5tknown") \cf0 Network range of commercial products, including any new version provided to you by \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  pursuant to this agreement;\par
\cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  refers to the creator of such software product or as \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  a company.\par
"Services" means the Support Services (as defined in paragraph 3) and/or the Update Services (as defined in paragraph 4).\par
"Product Description" means the written description of the Product at \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0 and in the 'help file' feature within the Product.\par
"Management Console" is the component of the Product that is used by the system administrator to control the network of computer hosts.\par
"Endpoint Agent" is the component of the Product that is installed on each member of the network of computer hosts.\par
"Installation" is defined as:\par
(i)     the installation of one copy of the Endpoint Agent on an individual physical device which does not have Virtualization Capability (as defined below); or\par
(ii)     each instance of the Endpoint Agent which is installed on a virtual machine operating on a device which has Virtualization Capability.\par
"Virtualization Capability" means making a single physical device appear to function as multiple virtual resources.\par
\par
\par
\par
This agreement is a legal agreement between you and \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  relating to the Product.\par
By proceeding to download or install the Product, and in consideration of your use of the Product, you are deemed to agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.\par
\cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  permits you to use the Product only in accordance with the terms of this agreement and this agreement and the License will terminate automatically without notice if you fail to comply with the terms of this agreement. Should this agreement terminate for any reason you must immediately cease all further use of the Product and destroy all copies of it.\par
\par
2 PRODUCT LICENSE\par
Subject to and in consideration of payment of the applicable fee and subject to your compliance with the terms of this agreement, \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to use the Product for the following purposes and in the following manner:\par
- You shall NOT be permitted to grant any sub-licenses of the Product. You may only use the original license that came with the product;\par
- You may resell, charge for, rent, lease, loan or distribute the Product only with written consent by \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0 . If instructions are not met as labled. \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  reserve the right to withdraw any such use of the software for any reason and without notice and to demand that you immediately cease any activity in respect of which permission is withdrawn;\par
- You may repackage, translate, adapt, vary, modify, alter, create derivative works based upon, or integrate any other computer programs with, the Product in whole or in part. Only with written consent by \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0 ;\par
- You may NOT use the Product to engage in or allow others to engage in any illegal activity. \cf1 ("Mo5tknown") \cf0 will not be held responsible for misuse of such product;\par
- You may transfer such product under this agreement to any person or authorize all or any part of the Product to be copied on to another user's computer; Only with written consent by \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0 .\par
- You may decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover the source code of the Product except to the extent that you may be expressly permitted to reverse engineer or decompile under applicable law. Only with written consent by \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0 .\par
\par
\par
\par
3 SUPPORT SERVICES\par
Subject to and in consideration of payment of the applicable fee, \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  shall provide the support services (the "Support Services") as set out in this paragraph 3.\par
\par
3.1 Scope of Support\par
\cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  will endeavor to answer by email such number of your queries regarding the use or application of the Product as it deems reasonable. No representation or warranty is given that all queries will be responded to or responded to within a specified period of time. You shall assist \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  in providing the Support Services by providing any assistance or information that it requires.\par
\par
Queries should be submitted to \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  using either of these methods:\par
* \cf1 Mo5tknown.com \cf0 using such user account details as given to you by \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  after your support account is enabled.  \par
* Email direct to \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  using such email address as given to you by \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  after your support account is enabled.  \par
\par
Upon receipt of full payment of the support fee, a user account will be automatically enabled for you on \cf1 Mo5tknown.com \cf0 and you will be sent an email notification confirming activation of your user account and confirming your user account details.\par
Save as expressly set out in this agreement, support fees and/or any applicable renewal fees are non-refundable.\par
\par
3.2 Limits Of Support\par
\cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  shall only provide Support Services in respect of the most current version of the Product.\par
\par
\cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  shall only provide Support Services up to and in respect of the number of Installations (as defined below) of the Endpoint Agent that you have specified and paid for under this agreement. You must purchase Support Services in respect of all Installations of the Endpoint Agent made by you; where you fail to do so the Support Services shall immediately terminate without notice, any without refund or liability to you.\par
\par
4 UPDATE SERVICES\par
Subject to your payment of the applicable annual update fees and support fees for the relevant year, \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  shall from time to time, via its website, make available new versions of the Product for you to download and use (the "Update Services").\par
\par
5 TERM AND TERMINATION OF SERVICES\par
The Services shall start on the date on which \cf1 ("Mo5tknown") \cf0 sends a confirmatory email to you confirming full payment of the support and update fees and issuing your user account details, and shall continue for a period of 1 year or for such other period as we may agree with you in writing.  \par
If you have purchased yearly subscriptions for the Support Services and/or Update Services, at the end of the year and any following year, the Support Services and/or Update Services shall renew automatically for another year. \cf1 ("Mo5tknown") \cf0 (or its authorized agents or afrfiliates) will give you an opportunity to cancel your subscription in advance of the renewal date and will inform you of the renewal fees. Unless you notify \cf1 ("Mo5tknown") \cf0 by email before renewal that you do not want to renew the Services.\par
\cf1 ("Mo5tknown") \cf0 may terminate the provision of Services at any time upon written notice to you. In such circumstances, \cf1 ("Mo5tknown") \cf0 will issue a pro-rata refund back onto the card originally used to pay. Furthermore, \cf1 ("Mo5tknown") \cf0 may terminate the Services immediately and without any liability to refund any payments to you if:\par
* You commit a material or persistent breach of this agreement;\par
* You become insolvent or unable to pay your debts within the meaning of section 123 of the Insolvency Act 1986;\par
* You fail to make any renewal payment.\par
\par
6 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS\par
The Product contains intellectual property of \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  and is protected by law. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights in the Product anywhere in the world belong to \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0 , that rights in the Product are licensed (not sold) to you, and that you have no rights in, or to, the Product other than the right to use them in accordance with the terms of the License.\par
\cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  warrants to you that to the best of its knowledge, the Product does not infringe the UK intellectual property rights of a third party.\par
\par
\cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  undertakes at its own expense to defend you against or, at its option, settle any claim or action brought against you alleging that your use or possession of the Product infringes the UK intellectual property rights of a third party. This paragraph 6 shall not apply where the claim or action in question is attributable to your use or possession of the Product other than in accordance with this agreement or the License or use of a non-current release of the Product. This paragraph 6 is conditional upon you promptly giving written notice to \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  specifying the nature of the claim or action and you not making any admission or compromise. This paragraph 6 constitutes your sole remedy and \cf1 ("Mo5tknown's")\cf0  only liability in respect of any such claims or actions.  \par
\par
7 WARRANTIES\par
\cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  warrants that\par
- for from the date of installation, when properly used the Product shall perform substantially in accordance with the functions described in the Product Description; and\par
- it has tested the Product for viruses using commercially available virus-checking software; and\par
- the Services will be performed with reasonable care and skill and in accordance with applicable UK laws and regulations.\par
\par
8 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY\par
THE PRODUCT IS DELIVERED TO YOU 'AS IS' AND WITH ALL FAULTS. \cf1 ("MO5TKNOWN") \cf0 DO NOT WARRANT THE PERFORMANCE OR RESULTS YOU MAY OBTAIN BY USING THE PRODUCT. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THIS AGREEMENT AND TO THE EXTENT THAT ANY WARRANTY, CONDITION, REPRESENTATION OR TERM CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY LAW, \cf1 ("MO5TKNOWN")\cf0  MAKEs NO WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS OR OTHER TERMS (EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WHETHER BY STATUTE, COMMON LAW, CUSTOM, USAGE OR OTHERWISE) AS TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, SATISFACTORY QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR PURPOSE. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH 7 SHALL SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT HOWSOEVER CAUSED.\par
IN NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL \cf1 ("MO5TKNOWN")\cf0  BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES, CLAIMS OR COSTS WHATSOEVER (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, LOST SAVINGS, LOST INFORMATION, LOSS OF DATA NOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSION APPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW IN YOUR JURISDICTION.\par
\cf1 ("MO5TKNOWN")\cf0  WARRANTS TO YOU THAT THE SERVICES WILL BE PERFORMED WITH REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE UK LAWS AND REGULATIONS.   \par
\par
\cf1 ("MO5TKNOWN'S")\cf0  LIABILITY TO YOU FOR LOSSES SUFFERED BY YOU ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT HOWSOEVER ARISING (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, NEGLIGENCE) SHALL BE LIMITED EACH YEAR IN TOTAL TO THE CHARGES PAID BY YOU UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN THE YEAR IN WHICH THE LIABILITY AROSE.\par
\par
NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT LIMITS \cf1 ("MO5TKNOWN'S")\cf0  LIABILITY TO YOU IN THE EVENT OF DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY RESULTING FROM OUR NEGLIGENCE OR FOR FRAUD. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH 7 SHALL SURVIVE THE TERMINATION OF THIS AGREEMENT HOWSOEVER CAUSED.\par
\par
9 LAW AND JURISDICTION\par
This agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter or its formation (including non-contractual disputes or claims) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law and submitted to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.\par
\par
10 GENERAL\par
- If any part of this agreement is found to be void and unenforceable it will not affect the validity of the remainder of this agreement, which shall remain valid and enforceable according to its terms.\par
- This agreement may only be varied in writing and signed by an authorized representative of \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0 .\par
- Updates may be licensed to you by \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  with additional or different terms but \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  has no obligation to provide any updates.\par
- This agreement is the entire agreement between you and us and supersedes any prior representations, undertakings or advertising relating to the Product and you acknowledge that in entering into this agreement you have not relied on any statement, representation, advertising, assurance or warranty (whether made negligently or innocently) other than as expressly set out in this agreement.\par
- \cf1 ("Mo5tknown")\cf0  is entitled to transfer or assign any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement.\par
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\lang9\f1\fs22\par
; MK CKleaner V.14 Teck Edition \par
; For PRIVITE u5e only.\par
; WARNING - DO NOT EDIT THIZ FILE\par
; Mo5tknown Copyright \'a92004-2018, All Rights Re5erved.\par
; Thiz file and it'z kontentz may not be kopied or di5tributed\par
; without the exprezz permizzion of Mo5tknown.\par
}
 